add document and Client tests tested with a running meilisearch in CI (#32)
meilisearch/meilisearch-swift: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Tests and Linter

If you have a running MeiliSearch instance at port `localhost:7700` with the following master key: `masterKey`, you will need to run the following command to test the package:
```bash
swift test
```

> If you do not have a MeiliSearch instance with the previous mentionned parameters, you can run de test script that will automaticly run a docker with MeiliSearch:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not have a MeiliSearch instance with the previous mentioned parameters, you can run de test script that will automatically run a docker with MeiliSearch:

```

swift test
```

> If you do not have a MeiliSearch instance with the previous mentioned parameters, you can run de test script that will automatically run a docker with MeiliSearch:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not have a MeiliSearch instance with the previous mentioned parameters, you can run the test script that will automatically run a Docker container with MeiliSearch:
```
